<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
      xmlns:jsf="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf">

<ui:composition template="../template.xhtml">
  <ui:define name="title">
    <h:outputText value="JSF 2.2 HTML5 Sample Application"></h:outputText>
  </ui:define>

  <ui:define name="body">
    <h3>Using HTML5 in JavaServer Faces 2.2</h3>

    <P>One of the most prominent new capabilities of JavaServer Faces (JSF) 2.2 is increased support for HTML5. There have been some
      significant improvements to JSF that help facilitate the use of HTML5 attributes with standard JSF components,
      as well as including HTML5 tags within JSF views. This example covers several of these new features, including passthrough
      attributes and HTML5-friendly markup.</P>

    <h3>Description of the Example</h3>
    <article>
      <p>This example application demonstrates how HTML5 elements and attributes
        can be used with JSF 2.2.</p>

      <p>This example consists of two pages:<br/>
        <ul>
          <li>reservation.xhtml</li>
          <li>confirmation.xhtml</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
      <P>On the reservation page, you need to fill in your information to reserve the hotel. After submitting the application,
        the confirmation information will be displayed on the confirmation page.</P>

      <p> The markup on these pages illustrates both of the techniques described.
      </p>

      <p>
        It is recommended that you use the <b>Chrome</b> browser when running this example
        as it has the best support for the HTML5 elements and attributes used in the example. There are a number
        of resources available (such as html5test.com) for determining browser support for HTML5.
      </p>

    </article>

    <h3>Use This Example</h3>
    <br/>

    <form jsf:id="form">
      <h:commandButton value="Continue to example" action="reservation"/>
    </form>
  </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>